Astral: This gear
puzzle seems to move
every time I recover
one of the
99 missing number
cards. But why?
Could it have something to
do with my memory loss?
Could solving this puzzle
also solve my amnesia?
And what does yuma have
to do with it all?
Why is this apparatus
inside his key?
YUMA: Aw, nuts!
I hate running late
at a cross walk!
[Engine revving]
hey!
Red Means...
shark!
wonder what he's been up
to since our last duel?
[engine revving]
Well, guess he's
not stopping.
And neither are these cars!
Ahhh!
♪ If life is a game
they say I can't win ♪
♪ I'll never amount to nothin' ♪
♪ tear me down
before my life begins ♪
♪ I won't be afraid
to challenge myself ♪
♪ they won't ever
break my fire ♪
♪ my dreams won't die
if I high-Five the sky ♪
♪ spread my wings take
off it's time to fly ♪
♪ take a chance to
make it all the way ♪
♪ take a chance
forgetting yesterday ♪
♪ take a chance believe ♪
♪ nothing will bring me down ♪
♪ no retreat when I
leave all my fears behind ♪
♪ my future's still
alive inside ♪
♪ take a chance and
Chase my doubts away ♪
♪ believing gets me
through my darkest days ♪
♪ take a chance to
make it all the way ♪
♪ take a chance
forgetting yesterday ♪
♪ take a breath my heart
will lead the way ♪
♪ take a chance, I'll
take a chance in today ♪
I made it, huh...
Caswell: 'fraid not.
You're late yuma,
big time.
I am not!
Hmm, you are.
Quite.
Late how?
Late in explaining
what's up with Those
number cards you play with.
If you mean why they're
not in my deck right now,
that's a no-Brainer.
It is?
TORI: It is!
They're only here
when astral is here.
And Who is astral?
You know what,
it doesn't matter.
In the end, it's clear why
you're hiding them away.
Because they're your
secret weapon,
what let's you win
all the time.
Hey, that's not
True at all.
Sure I have some good
cards but the reason
I win my matches is
because I'm a good duelist!
Yeah, sure it is.
Come on...
you could never have beaten
shark or flip without 'em,
tell me I'm wrong.
Hello!
I told ya you were wrong,
but if ya want me
to tell ya again,
no problem. You are wrong,
wrong, wrong-Wrong-Wrong-Wrong!
Wow, six wrongs!
BRONK: I'd have gone
seven just to be sure.
Yeah. Plus seven is a lucky
number so there's that.
Look, you can say 'wrong' a
hundred times, but I think
we both know there's just
one way to settle this.
A duel!
You got it.
I'll take on anyone you
want and beat 'em
without using a single
one of my number cards.
Yuma...
Oh boy.
Really?
Even if the individual
I want you to take on
is your old foe, shark?
No prob!
Let's go find him
and get dueling!
Wait hold on, yuma.
You might want to think
twice about looking for him.
After you beat shark,
he really changed.
Started hanging with a
bunch of roughneck dudes!
If you decide to do this
and challenge him,
you could be in for the
duel of your life!
ANNOUNCER: Welcome and
Please enjoy your
shopping experience
with us today.
Why can't anyone understand?
It's the duelist that makes the
cards, not the other way around.
I understand yuma,
if that helps.
No, it doesn't help.
And do you know why?
Cause it's your fault that I'm
even in this great big mess,
astral!
My fault? How?
Cause you're always hovering
around, interfering.
Untrue!
When you sleep, I no
longer hover above you.
More for my benefit, snorer.
Yeah, well you don't exactly
stay clear during my duels
now, do ya?
Until now.
This time astral, I
don't want you helping.
Wait up!
Yuma...
where on earth are you going?
To go duel shark.
This is where I heard
he's been hanging.
Way creepy.
What do you say we just grab
some corndogs instead?
Seriously.
It's my treat!
Wait! Yuma...
What is this place?
I am getting strange vibes.
We're coming too!
Tori, no.
This place is creepy.
Hey, you hear that?
What in the world?
Get off of me!
Let go!
SCORCH: What are you little
pipsqueaks doing here?
Don't ya know This
is our territory?
Hey, let bronk
go! Ahh!
Yuma!
Let me go!
You're gonna be sorry!
CHILLS: I wouldn't
bet on that.
Weasel: Well what
do we got here?
If you're looking
for trouble,
it's found.
Hey!
Just leave us alone!
Or else you're gonna have to
deal with me when I get down!
That Strategy is not sound.
These thugs do not
look like they will be
putting anyone
down anytime soon.
Stay outta this, astral!
Hey Scorch,
what's the next move?
Teach' em a lesson!
SHARK: Stop.
Let go of the little brats.
Shark...
what, you know 'em
or somethin
sure do.
Guess it's your lucky day.
Huh?
You shouldn't have come here.
I came here,
cause I have business
with you, shark!
What business?
The business of
duelin', that's what!
I can't duel you.
How come?
Because I quit dueling.
I moved on, yuma.
And now I'm moving on from you.
What do they say about sharks?
That they can't change
their stripes?
No bronk, that's zebras.
Whatever.
Point is, seems like
shark's sure changed his.
So yuma,
what's your take on all this?
After observing you,
I think I know what
you are going to say.
Good riddance to
that bullying pest.
Am I correct, yuma?
Maybe.
I don't know.
But then again maybe not.
What exactly are you
talkin' about, yuma?
I guess it's just always a
shame when any duelist quits.
Yeah, I guess that you're
kinda right about that.
You're supposed to
duel for life,
not just give it up.
This shark stuff's
got me down, astral.
I gotta help him feel
the flow again.
Cause if I don't, he might
call it quits forever.
Hey Tori,
where's yuma?
I don't know, he's
not here though.
I was afraid of this.
What do you want?
You know what I
want? A duel!
Question is, why
don't you want one?
What happened to you?
You wouldn't understand.
Yeah I would. I get frustrated
with dueling all the time!
Trust me.
Come on, shark.
Let's just duel!
For the last time, yuma.
I have quit!
Shark, wait!
Okay, time to
high-Five the sky...
ahh!
You can't lose me!
I finally lost him.
Shark!
You're not losing anything,
except the duel
we're about to have!
What do you say?
Aw come on, I thought
we were friends!
We are not friends,
you got that?
Why would you even
think that anyway?
Why would I think
we're friends?
Because we dueled!
And as your friend I'm gonna be
the one to tell ya that it's
time you dump those thugs
you've been hanging out with.
It's none of your business
who I hang out with, yuma.
Oh yeah?
I'll make it my business.
I beat you, and you ditch them!
Yeah?
And what do I get
if I beat you?
Well then you...
you get to have this.
No yuma,
wait.
You keep quiet.
Okay.
You got yourself a deal.
And once This is all over,
I'm gonna get that
necklace of yours.
Yuma, are you
sure about this?
I told you, astral.
I don't want your help
during this duel.
And that goes for all of
those number cards as well.
What do you mean?
I mean it's time that I prove
that it's the duelist that makes
the cards, not the
other way around.
Oh yuma...
besides, it's not fair
to use number cards
against shark,
he doesn't have any.
And Hey, now I've even
got a noble cause
that I'm dueling for.
Shark shouldn't be hanging
with those jerks,
and soon he won't be!
Alright then.
Consider me a spectator.
i haven't forgotten
our last duel, yuma.
if I'm gonna come
out of retirement,
i can think of No better reason
than to do it to beat you!
Game time!
Duel Disk go!
Duel gazer, let's roll!
Computer VOICE: Augmented
reality Vision Link established.
Together: Let's do this!
TOGETHER: Let's duel!
Alright, I am feelin'
the flow!
I summon gogogo golem!
Be careful, yuma.
Shark has a trove
of powerful beasts.
That golem is tough but...
zip it, astral!
Next I place one
card face down,
and since I can't attack on the
first move of the game,
I end my turn.
the card I placed
face down is battle break.
now if shark attacks,
my trap Will destroy his
attacking monster
and end the battle.
that'll show Everyone
my dueling skills.
My turn!
I draw!
I summon friller shark!
But it only has
700 attack points.
What could shark be planning?
Now I summon shark stickers!
You see yuma, when friller
shark is on the field,
shark stickers Can be
summoned right from my hand.
And I think I know
what's coming next.
Uh-Oh...
now I overlay level 3 friller
shark and shark stickers!
With These two monsters,
I can build an overlay
network and xyz summon!
Now, say hello
to aero shark!
1900 attack points?
That's a hundred
more than my golem.
But still, not more than
my trap card Can handle!
Now I'll play
aero Shark's ability!
By Using up one overlay unit,
you take 400 points of damage
for every card in my hand!
And since I have
four cards in my hand,
that adds up to 1600
points of damage, yuma.
Oh no!
Next I activate the spell
mystical space typhoon
from my hand!
Thanks to typhoon,
I can blow off one spell
or trap card on the field!
Aw No, not my trap card.
Now go, aero shark!
Attack gogogo golem
with Devouring dive!
I place one card face down,
and end my move.
Unbelievable!
Yuma is down to 2300 life
Points after just one turn!
Shark duels pretty
well for a retiree.
No joke.
Well, yuma?
I hope that you're
happy with yourself.
You wanted a duel with
me, and you got one.
And all the hurt
that comes with it!
Get real!
I'm not feelin'
hurt at all!
well, maybe I'm
feelin' a little,
but no point
in Sharin' that.
i gotta do something,
and fast!
My draw!
Time to make a move,
now!
Alright!
I summon gagaga magician!
And the magic of gagaga is that
once per turn it can change it's
level to a number
between 1 and 8.
that's nothing compared to what
i have up my sleeve,
or in my hand rather.
monster reborn.
if I use this to resurrect
gogogo golem,
i can bring utopia
to the field!
hold up, utopia is
a number card.
i said I wasn't using those
this duel. Aw, nuts!
Go on!
Play That number!
I want you to!
Has Shark lost his mind?
Yeah, only a number can
destroy a number,
and shark doesn't have one!
So Why would he want
yuma to play it?
Well?
We're waiting, yuma.
You know playing it is the only
way you'll be able to beat me!
But then again Maybe your
number's not enough,
maybe the only reason I
agreed to duel you
was to prove I could
take it down!
okay, now I'm
really confused.
i wanted to duel shark to prove
i could beat him without Using
a number card, but he
wants to duel me
to prove he can beat me
with a number card.
Yuma,
if the duelist really
makes the card,
Yeah...
then it should not matter
if that card in question
happens to be weak
or to be strong.
And besides all of that,
what you have really set
out to accomplish here
is not to help out
your ego as a duelist,
but to help
your friend, shark.
Oh Yeah,
I almost forgot.
I gotta get him to lose
those loser friends of his.
And to make that happen,
I'll do whatever it takes.
I activate the spell
card monster reborn!
And now bring back gogogo
golem from my graveyard.
Next I overlay level 4 gagaga
magician and gogogo golem.
Alright!
With These two monsters,
an overlay network has been
built and that means,
I can xyz summon!
So appear, number 39: Utopia!
Yuma just played
a number card?
Yeah, what gives?
I thought he was done
with those digits.
It's like I said, yuma needs
number cards to win.
I knew I was right.
Yes yuma,
do it.
Attack me!
Yes Yuma,
do it.
Attack me with your
number monster!
Alright,
go, utopia!
Take out aero shark!
I'm not afraid!
I play friller
Shark's ability!
By Banishing the friller shark
in my graveyard from play, your
utopia's attack is stopped, and
it loses 500 attack points!
No!
Next I play
fish rain!
Thanks to this trap card, when a
fish type monster is banished
from play, I can summon
a level 3 or below
fish monster from my hand!
And this one
has some bite!
Come out,
big jaws!
Not good.
Now I'm in an even
bigger fix than before.
Yes you are yuma, I was
afraid This would happen.
What you failed to recognize is
that monster reborn can also
bring back a monster from
another player's graveyard.
You could have brought back
friller shark, and used gagaga
magician's level
changing Ability
and then xyz SUMMONED
leviathan Dragon.
And then you could have
used leviathan Dragon
to destroy aero shark.
Ugh. Oh well,
I'll get him
next time!
After All, utopia has
2000 attack points.
Shark doesn't have a monster on
his field stronger than that.
Alright shark, make your move!
Never Mind about me,
it's aero shark
and its ability
that you should
be worried about.
Because now, just like before,
by using One overlay unit,
you take 400 points of damage
for every card in my hand.
I have two,
so that's a
walloping worth 800!
Next I summon
skull kraken!
Two Level 3 monsters?
It is alright.
He still does not have
a card that can
destroy a number
like utopia.
I now overlay skull kraken and
big jaws, and because I have,
I can now xyz summon!
Welcome to the duel,
the mighty Black Ray lancer!
And now for the best part,
I activate lancer's ability!
By Using One overlay Unit,
your utopia's ability
is negated this turn!
What?
Nooo!
That's right, yuma.
The ability where only a number
can destroy another
number is gone.
So now your utopia can be taken
down like any other card.
He's right!
Which Means,
my number's about to be
seriously crunched.
Go black ray lancer,
attack with
Shimmering Spear slash!
Utopia!
I can't believe
it's gone.
I cannot believe shark
knows a number's weakness!
Aero Shark,
attack yuma!
Devouring dive!
So even with a
number, yuma lost!
He got trounced,
poor guy.
Not just trounced,
completely annihilated.
I suppose now
I can tell ya.
The reason that
I stopped dueling yuma,
was because I was
crushed when you beat me.
But I feel all better now.
And this here is just
the Cherry on top.
Then again,
keep it.
As a reminder of
what I did to you.
Shark No,
don't go!
Yuma, you and
I are finished.
So don't you ever come
bothering me again.
You may think those
friends of mine are thugs,
but they're all that I have.
And that's just
fine with me.
Shark...
shark...
[engine revving]
I failed, astral.
I failed.